Min-Hsueh Chiu: So in this video, I'm going to show you how to generate novelty.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So here's the execute file. Let me break it down for you.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So in the 1st portion you are going to import the config file with the config Yama, which is
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the Yama file you copied earlier.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and then you will generate the original environment with this config file.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So here we will have the base environment.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And then you are going to initiate a novelty generator.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So now the generator will take in the original environment
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and with the novelty list, so it can multiply environments and then return the multiplying environments back.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So that is where we can get the novel environment.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And you can see here will be the support the current supporting novelty.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and I already put them in a config file.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: so
Min-Hsueh Chiu: as you can see that this is one of the novelty.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: But some of novelty might have argument inside. So, for example, in this card distribution color, we'll have arguments that it prohibits the red color occur
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right? So if we execute, so you can see that only black color card occur.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: But let's see
Min-Hsueh Chiu: if I want to prohibit black color.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: There we go, so everything, every every card is red color here. So that is how you can customize your novelty
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and for whom? Want to look into
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the novelty
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and novelty generator.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: You can go into the report.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So
Min-Hsueh Chiu: in the poker utility
Min-Hsueh Chiu: folder.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: you can see that here is the existing novelty
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and novelty generator will be here, so you might want to look into here. If you want to make some modification.